You don't think you're the only one with the cure
I don't have an antidote, do I?
How did you know I would poison
Of course I know.
You have to know that whenever in this palace
But it's all this lady's eyeliner
You are too naive, silly girl
I'll go along and invite him to dinner tonight
Pretend to apologize to him
Take the warehouse to the right and don't believe him
You continue to poison during the dinner
Force him to give up the key
To get a handle on him
See what he does then
How did they find the end rice in the warehouse?
But
I don't think I got any substantive evidence.
Dad?
I'd like to see what tricks they can play
It was the life of the maid
Delusional to be a lady
Just ridiculous
Ugly woman, I'll strangle you
Why do you think you are the only one who can poison?
Poison me
When?
You eat some too
Just treat it as my sister apologizing to you.
You actually poisoned me in the food
Are you vicious?
I am poisonous
I'm more vicious than you
You have to know that I am the eldest lady of the Lin family
In this Lin Mansion, he wants to poison me
You are just ridiculous
Knowing that someone is going to poison you
Why are you still here?
You poisoned
Isn't there just a chance to torture you?
Watching you suffer
I am very happy
Don't worry, I won't let you die so easily.
Isn't it too cheap to get you on the road so easily?
you
Come and give me this woman